Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? Unfortunately, many soles were lost.
What do you call a pig who knows how to use a knife? A pork chop.
What kind of fish knows how to do an appendectomy? A Sturgeon.
How do you hire a horse? Put up a ladder.
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse.
Is there anything worse than when it's raining cats and dogs? Yes, hailing taxis.
How many apples can you grow on a tree? All of them.
My manager told me to have a good day. So I didn't go into work.
What do kids play when they have nothing else to do? Bored games.
What did the boy say to his fingers? I'm counting on you.
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap music.
What does cake and baseball have in common? They both need a batter.
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary.
What did the tree say when spring finally arrived? What a re-leaf.
How can you tell if a pig is hot? It's bacon.
Did you hear about the guy who afraid of hurdles? He got over it.
Why did the drum go to bed? It was beat.
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky.
Have you ever had a bad sausage? It's the wurst.
Did you hear about the guy who drank invisible ink? He's at the hospital waiting to be seen.
How do you get a squirrel's attention? Act like a nut.
Did you hear about the cat that ate a lemon? Now it's a sour puss.
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you.
Why did the computer catch cold? It left a window open.
How do mice floss their teeth? With string cheese.
How do you cook an alligator? With a croc-pot.
What did the earthquake say when it was done? Sorry, my fault!
Why did the computer go to bed? It needed to crash.
What do you give the dentist of the year? A little plaque.
What should you do to prevent dry skin? Use a towel.
How can you tell when a comic passes gas? Something smells funny.
What kind of bug can tell time? A clock-roach.
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener.
What do pigs use to clean up? Hogwash.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? You'd think it's the "R," but it's really the "C."
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Summer wasn't too bad either.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
What's a zebra? A couple sizes bigger than an A.
Did you hear about the bossy man at the bar? He ordered everyone around.
Did you hear about the broken guitar for sale? It comes with no strings attached.
I wanted to take a bath, but decided to leave it where it is.
Once I read a book about glue. I couldn't put it down.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Why the long face?"
Why'd the roofer go to the doctor? He had shingles.
Did you hear about the woman who couldn't stop collecting magazines? She had issues.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck.
What do you call a man wearing a rug on his head? Matt.
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me.
Did you hear about the king that went to the dentist? He needed to get crowns.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold.
Why can't the sailor learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? Just in case he got a hole in one.
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggie.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling.
How do you get an astronaut’s baby to stop crying? You rocket.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
Why shouldn't you play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved.
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well.
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time.
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up.
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad.
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose.
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack.
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? It was outstanding in its field.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
What did one piece of tape say to the other? Let’s stick together.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
Can February March? No, but April May!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say “cheese.”
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
Why did the poodle buy a clock? It wanted to be a watch dog.
Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to walk.
What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines — but cats-can.
If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?
I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a grape.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water.
It was an emotional wedding — even the cake was in tiers.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one.
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It's just gathering dust.
Why did the thief take a shower before robbing the bank? He wanted to make a clean getaway.
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Why do hamburgers go south for the winter? So they don’t freeze their buns.
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
What do you call someone who can’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
Why did the little strawberry cry? His mom was in a jam.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom.
Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
I went to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
I haven’t talked to my wife in a week — I didn’t want to interrupt her.
Why are pigs bad drivers? They hog the road.
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
Did you hear about the whale that swallowed a clown? It felt funny after.
The past, present and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. “That's my stepladder,” he said. "I never knew my real ladder.”
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, "I always have a few Twix up my sleeve."
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
What's the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
This morning, Siri said, “Don’t call me Shirley.” I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode.
It's easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It's tearable.
A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, “You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking.” “Now settle down,” the doctor calmly told him. “You'll just have to learn to be a little patient.”
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
What is a guitar player's favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
What's a lawyer's favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What do you call a wizard who's really bad at football? Fumbledore.
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, “Let’s make this interesting.” So we stopped playing chess.
I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
Why didn't the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
"Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia." Man: "Wait! I can explain everything!"
My friend couldn't afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a "Get Well Soon" card.
I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
In 2017 I didn't do a marathon. I didn't do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Ever since we started quarantining, I've only been telling inside jokes.
If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. "Sure," I said. "My door is always open."
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. "No," I said. "It's to look at."
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story and he's sticking to it.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
I'm reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time
During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them.
Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I'm just asking for a friend.
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body.
“Just say NO to drugs!” Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes.
I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, “I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.”
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let's get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked “Bohemian Rhapsody.”
What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?”
I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries.
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn't work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Lance isn't that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins.
A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, "It's a moving violation."
Swords will never go obsolete. They're cutting edge technology.
I asked the IT guy, "How do you make a Motherboard?" He said, "I tell her about my job."
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally.
You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it's a $1. That's inflation for you.
My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it's so time-consuming.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
Clothes, but no cigar.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care.
Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life.
As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice.
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important.
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? “Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.”
If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called.
I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once.
My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic.
In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective.
A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, “I’m sorry, but you only have ten left.” The patient asks him, “Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks?” The doctor calmly looks at him and says, “Nine.”
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. “You can't cut me down,” the tree complains. “I’m a talking tree!” The man responds, “You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.”
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.
A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "What do you want?" The man says, "Oh, just some fruit punch." The bartender sighs and shakes his head, "If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line." The man looks around, but there is no punchline.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique guns collection. She denies it but I'm sticking to my guns.
My wife left a note on the fridge that said, “This isn't working.” I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!
My wife wanted to spice up our sex life, so she asked if we could play doctor tonight. It seemed like a weird idea, but I’m eager to please.
My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, "That makes two of us."
My wife told me she’ll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer. I’m not too worried, I think she’s jokinlkjhfakljn m,.nbziyoao78yv87dfaoyuofaytdf
My wife gave birth three times and still fits in her prom dress from high school. I gave birth zero times and I don’t fit in my pants from March.
When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates.
After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
My wife told me to quit doing my terrible Arnold impression, but don't worry, I'll return.
“Just look at that couple down the road,” a wife told her husband. “He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can’t you do that?” “Are you insane?” he responded. “I barely know the woman!”
I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, “I love you.” “Is that you or the beer talking?” she asked. I answered, “It’s me… talking to my beer.”
“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”
My wife and I were out to dinner and the waitress started flirting with me. "She obviously has COVID," my wife said. "Why?" I asked. "Because she has no taste."
Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring.
"Your wife and daughter look like twins," my friend said. "Well," I replied, "they were separated at birth."
One friend complained to another, “All my husband and I do anymore is fight. I've been so upset, I’ve lost 20 pounds.” “If it’s that bad, why don’t you just leave him?” asked the second friend. “I’d like to lose another fifteen pounds first.”
I bought Spotify premium for an uninterrupted music experience. But I still hear my wife’s bickering between songs.
I can always tell when my wife is lying just by looking at her. I can also tell when she’s standing.
My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
My ex and I had a very amicable divorce. I know this because when I posted on Facebook, “I’m getting a divorce,” she was the first one to like it.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
My daughter just shrieked at me, “Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you?” What an odd way to begin a conversation.
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
“Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is?” No sun.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, “That’s arson.”
Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst.
“What’s your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”
Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, “When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.” “Oh yeah?” the son retorts. “Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.”
A father tells his son that he was adopted. “I want to meet my biological parents,” the son demands. “We are your biological parents,” the father responds. “Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.”
A son tells his father, “I have an imaginary girlfriend.” The father sighs and says, “You know, you could do better.” “Thanks Dad,” the son says. “That means a lot.” The father shakes his head and goes, “I was talking to your girlfriend.”
Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”
My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we “be positive,” but it’s just so hard without him.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner.
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him.
How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store.
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know?
I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it’s raining in Sweden?
I was addicted to the hokey pokey…but I turned myself around.
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something.
Today, my son asked, “Can I have a bookmark?” I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian.
When I was a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there.
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie.
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish.
A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, “I don’t know. It all happened so fast.”
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter.
We all know about Murphy’s Law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage.
When does a joke become a “dad joke”? When it becomes apparent.
I had a happy childhood. My dad used to put me in tires and roll me down hills. Those were Goodyears.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
I know a bunch of good jokes about umbrellas, but they usually go over people’s heads.
The bank keeps calling me to give me compliments. They say I have an “outstanding balance.”
What is the most popular fish in the ocean? A starfish.
Barbers…you have to take your hat off to them.
What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner’s on me.
Did you hear about the surgeon who enjoyed performing quick surgeries on insects? He did one on the fly.
What’s a vampire’s favorite ship? A blood vessel.
There’s only one thing I can’t deal with, and that’s a deck of cards glued together.
The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar. It was tense.
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watchdogs.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador.
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys.
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle.
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh.
Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato.
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades.
What is the Easter bunny’s favorite type of music? Hip-hop.
A friend of mine is known for sweeping girls off their feet. He’s an extremely aggressive janitor.
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea.
My son’s fourth birthday was today. When he came to see me, I didn’t recognize him at first. I had never seen him be four.
I recently went to the “World’s Tiniest Wind Turbine” exhibit. Honestly, not a big fan.
I was out on a walk when I saw a sign that said, “Man wanted for robbery.” So I went in and applied for the job.
How long should socks be? Twelve inches, so you can fit in one foot.
Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu? Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu?
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
I’m reading a novel where the main character has strained the muscles around his spine. That’s his back story.
My doctor told me I’ve really grown as a person. Well, her exact words were that I “gained excess weight.”
What do you call someone who always states the obvious? Someone who always states the obvious.
Scientists have discovered what is believed to be the world’s largest bedsheet. More on this story as it unfolds.
3.14 percent of sailors are pi-rates.
You can’t plant flowers if you haven’t botany.
What did the French chef give his wife for Valentine’s Day? A hug and a quiche.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. “We don’t serve your kind here,” the bartender says. “Why not?” one yogurt asks. “We’re cultured.”
A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. “I’d like some wings and a pint of beer, please,” it says. “Sorry, but I can’t serve you,” the bartender replies. “You’re out of your head.”
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, “What’s with the paper towel?” The pirate says, “Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head!”
A guy walks into a bar, and there’s a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, “What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before?” The guy says, “It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place.”
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, “Bach, Bach, Bach…”
What did one DNA say to the other DNA? “Do these genes make me look fat?”
What do you need to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A large fortune.
How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? Eclipse it.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point.
Teacher: “There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool.” Johnny: “So, what are the words?”
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house, but the kids still get in.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it!
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What do Bostonians call a fake noodle? An impasta.
A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people: the student, his mama, and his pauper.
My son has his BA and his MA, but his P­A still supports him.
What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal.
What does “idk” stand for? Everyone I ask says, “I don’t know.”
Why was the pig covered in ink? Because it lived in a pen.
Did you hear about the guy who stole 50 cartons of hand sanitizer? They couldn’t prosecute—his hands were clean.
Why was the rookie police officer assigned to hunt the cannibal? The more seasoned officers had already been eaten.
What do you call a snitching scientist? A lab rat.
What’s the difference between a man wearing pajamas on a bicycle and a guy wearing a tuxedo on a unicycle? Attire.
It’s a shame that the Beatles didn’t make the submarine in that song green. That would’ve been sublime.
Did you hear about the aquatic sea mammals that escaped from the zoo? It was otter chaos.
What did the skeleton order with its beer? A mop.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
How much do I love crunchy tacos? From my head tomatoes.
What kind of spells do leprechauns use? Lucky Charms.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
My IQ test results came back. They were negative.
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear.
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze?
If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? Missile toe.
My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean.
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right.
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you?
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
In a freak accident today, a photographer was killed when a huge lump of cheddar landed on him. To be fair, the people who were being photographed did try to warn him.
Can February March? No, but April May.
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll.
If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two…
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell check.
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
I began to read a horror novel in braille. Something bad is about to happen—I can feel it.
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door.
My friend wants to become an archaeologist, but I’m trying to put him off. I’m convinced his life will be in ruins.
I got hit in the head with a can of Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink.
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
A steak pun is a rare medium done well.
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
My dog accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. I think this could spell disaster.
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll try a grape.
Armed robbers—some say they’re a drain on society, but you’ve got to give it to them.
It hurts me to say this, but I have a sore throat.
I know a surgeon who puts organs back in upside down. I told him that’s not funny, but he said it was an inside joke.
My girlfriend says it’s either her or my career as a news reporter. I have some breaking news for her.
Inflation is really getting out of hand, but that’s just my five cents.
I can guess what people do for a living just by looking at their hands. I mean, I’m usually wrong, but I can guess.
I’ve been breeding racing deer. Just trying to make a quick buck.
How many mystery writers does it take to change a light bulb? Two: One to screw it in most of the way and another to give it a surprise twist at the end.
My dentist offered me dentures for only a dollar. It sounded like a good deal at the time, but now I have buck teeth.
